Giuliani says he is joining Trump’s legal team to ‘negotiate an end’ to Mueller probe 
Former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, a combative former prosecutor and longtime ally of 
President Trump, told The Washington Post on Thursday that he has joined the president’s legal team 
dealing with the ongoing special counsel probe. 
“I’m doing it because I hope we can negotiate an end to this for the good of the country and because I 
have high regard for the president and for Bob Mueller,” Giuliani said in an interview. 
 
Trump counsel Jay Sekulow said Thursday in a statement that Giuliani is joining the team along with two 
former federal prosecutors, Jane Serene Raskin and Marty Raskin, a couple who jointly run a Florida-
based law firm. 
 
“Rudy is great,” Trump said in the statement issued by Sekulow. “He has been my friend for a long time 
and wants to get this matter quickly resolved for the good of the country.” 
 
Giuliani, who joins a legal team that has struggled to recruit new members, said he has been speaking 
with Trump for weeks about joining the group of legal advisers. He said he would work alongside 
Trump’s current attorneys, Sekulow and Ty Cobb, who are focusing on the federal investigation into 
Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. He also said he will soon take a leave from his law 
firm, Greenberg Traurig. 
 
Giuliani is a former U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, which is the office currently 
overseeing an investigation of Trump’s personal attorney, Michael Cohen. 
Giuliani said he formalized his decision in recent days, including over dinner last week at Trump’s Mar-a-
Lago resort in Florida. 
 
Giuliani and Trump spoke on Thursday about legal strategy moving forward, along with Sekulow, whom 
Giuliani described as a “good friend.” He added that he and Cobb spoke on Wednesday. 
 
Giuliani declined to say whether Trump has made a final decision on whether to sit for an interview with 
Mueller and his investigators. Trump has been mulling for weeks whether to do so, veering between 
wanting to meet with Mueller to moving away from the idea, especially after the home, offices and 
hotel room of his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, were raided this month. 
 
“It’s too early for me to say that,” Giuliani said of whether a Mueller interview is unlikely to happen. 
 
Giuliani also declined to discuss whether Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein, who has been 
under fire from conservatives and oversees the Russia probe, could be fired by the president in the 
coming weeks. 
 
“I’m not involved in anything about those issues. My advice on Mueller has been this: He should be 
allowed to do his job. He’s entitled to do his job.” 
 
The Daily Beast reported earlier Thursday that Giuliani was in talks with Trump about joining the legal 
team. 
 
Giuliani said he would spend a “great deal of time” in Washington working with Trump, but would 
continue to live in New York. 
 
Trump had considered Giuliani for attorney general and has said in recent weeks he needs a New York-
based attorney. Many leading white-collar lawyers, such Theodore Olson, have declined Trump’s 
entreaties. 
 
Trump is known to be a difficult client who does not listen to his attorneys’ advice, according to lawyers 
who are familiar with his conduct. 
